Number of improvements (#57)
cfw-guide/dsi.cfw.guide: _pages/en_US/hiyacfw-setup.md

---
title: Installing hiyaCFW
redirect_from:
  - /guide/installing-hiyacfw
  - /guide/hiyacfw
  - /hiyacfw
  - /installing-hiyacfw
---

{% include toc title="Table of Contents" %}

Do not system update after installing hiyaCFW. This will remove hiyaCFW's SD patches.
{: .notice--danger}

hiyaCFW is a custom firmware that will allow you to run your system NAND (internal storage) off of your SD card.

> This allows you to modify your system without risk of bricking your internal system, as any changes are simply made to the SD card instead, which can be easily restored.

Author: Could we change this line? It seems to imply that you must use hiyaCFW if you want added security.

> This allows you to modify your system without risk of bricking your internal system, as any changes are simply made to the SD card instead, which can be easily restored.

Reviewer: Hmm, how about
```suggestion
This allows you to install your own apps to the Nintendo DSi Menu without risk of bricking, as they're installed to the SD card so problems can be easily be fixed.
```

			if (!element.className.includes('btn--info'))
				element.className += " btn--info";
		}

		document.getElementById(tabName).style.display = "block";
		evt.currentTarget.className = evt.currentTarget.className.replace("btn--info", "btn--primary");
	}

	// Get the element with id="defaultOpen" and click on it
	document.getElementById("defaultOpen").click();
</script>

## Section II - Adding hiyaCFW files to your SD card
![](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/538f1d70409d6b38170ef7d845b7818bd902fd87/68747470733a2f2f696d6167652e6962622e636f2f68687a4b524c2f53637265656e2d53686f742d323031382d31302d31382d61742d31362d33302d31382e706e67)

1. Switch over to the hiyaCFW window
1. Click the `...` button in the `NAND file with No$GBA footer` box
1. Navigate to your NAND backup, and click `Open`
1. Press `Start`
1. In the new pop-up window, navigate to the root of your SD card, and press `OK`.
   - The process may take several minutes
1. When the application says "Done", close out of hiyaCFW Helper
1. Close the terminal window

## Section III - Maximizing available space

This is the section you should redo if you get a screen saying "An Error Has Occured"
{: .notice--info}

> The Nintendo DSi System Menu has a limit on how much free space it could have on the storage device hosting the menu. While this doesn't occur on the actual NAND (since the chip would never exceed 128 MB), it can happen using an SD card. The factor of what is allowed and what isn't goes by every other range of two gigabytes. For example, while having 0-2 GB worth of free space would allow your system menu to boot, 2-4 GB doesn't. The same goes for 4-6 GB vs 6-8, up until you get to your SD card size.

Author: I usually say Nintendo DSi because that's the official product name.

> The Nintendo DSi System Menu has a limit on how much free space it could have on the storage device hosting the menu. While this doesn't occur on the actual NAND (since the chip would never exceed 128 MB), it can happen using an SD card. The factor of what is allowed and what isn't goes by every other range of two gigabytes. For example, while having 0-2 GB worth of free space would allow your system menu to boot, 2-4 GB doesn't. The same goes for 4-6 GB vs 6-8, up until you get to your SD card size.

Reviewer: I think imo it depends on how its being used, "Nintendo DSi Menu" is the actual name, but "your DSi" I would leave the nintendo out as its commonly referred to as just the "DSi" and especially when it shows up several times in a paragraph it can start to feel really excessive imo.

As for this case I would say "Nintendo DSi Menu" but "DSi System Menu" as the "System Menu" is not a name Nintendo ever uses

	let tabcontent = document.getElementsByClassName("blanktabcontent");
	let tablinks = document.getElementsByClassName("tablinks");

	function openTab(evt, tabName) {
		let element;

		for (element of tabcontent) {
			element.style.display = "none";
		}

		for (element of tablinks) {
			element.className = element.className.replace("btn--primary", "btn--info");
			if (!element.className.includes('btn--info'))
				element.className += " btn--info";
		}

		document.getElementById(tabName).style.display = "block";
		evt.currentTarget.className = evt.currentTarget.className.replace("btn--info", "btn--primary");
	}

	// Remove links from tab buttons
	for(a of tablinks) {
		a.href = "javascript:void(0);";
	}

	// Open the tab for the current OS
	if(navigator.platform.includes("Win"))
		document.getElementById("windows").click();
	else
		document.getElementById("other").click();
</script>

## Section II - Adding hiyaCFW files to your SD card
![](https://image.ibb.co/hhzKRL/Screen-Shot-2018-10-18-at-16-30-18.png)

1. Switch over to the hiyaCFW window
1. Click the `...` button in the `NAND file with No$GBA footer` box
1. Navigate to your NAND backup, and click `Open`
1. Press `Start`

> 1. In the new pop-up window, navigate to the root of your SD card, and press `OK`.
>    - The process may take several minutes
> 1. When the application says "Done", close out of hiyaCFW Helper

Reviewer: The hiya helper is a bit unstable going directly to the SD card, so its better to run it to an empty folder then copy to root
```suggestion
1. In the new pop-up window, create a new empty folder, select that, and press `OK`.
   - The process may take several minutes
1. When the application says "Done", close out of hiyaCFW Helper
1. Copy the contents of the new folder you made to the root of your SD card
```

Author: Hmm, I'd rather fix this on hiyaCFW helper's side. I'll see what I can do.

1. Download & install the latest version of [7-Zip](https://www.7-zip.org/download.html)
   - This will not work with any other archive extractor tool you own, such as WinRAR. hiyaCFW helper relies on 7-Zip itself, and not a general archive extractor
1. Download the latest Windows version of [hiyaCFW Helper](https://github.com/mondul/HiyaCFW-Helper/releases)

> 1. Download the latest windows version of [Just-A-DFC](https://github.com/yourkalamity/just-a-dfc/releases)

Reviewer 2: you forgot to capitalize this too lol
```suggestion
1. Download the latest Windows version of [Just-A-DFC](https://github.com/yourkalamity/just-a-dfc/releases)
```
